hey what's going on everybody today I'm
going to show you how to make some
delicious potato gnocchi from scratch
with just a hint of Parmesan cheese
alright so let's get started with the
recipe first up you're gonna get two
large russet potatoes put them on a
little bit of foil and then you're going
to generously salt them cover them with
the foil and then you're going to throw
these into a 375-degree oven for an hour
and a half
all right so once the russet potatoes
are fork tender just pull them out of
the oven and then out of the foil and
then onto a cutting board and then
you're going to let them cool down for
at least two minutes before you mess
with them but once they've cooled down
slightly I'm going to grab a paring
knife and gently peel the skins off
once you're done peeling the russet
potatoes you're going to grab a large
mesh strainer or just a simple pasta
strainer and start pushing the potatoes
through that strainer and essentially
just making your potato flour for the
gnocchi
once all the potatoes are strained just
spread them out on your cutting board a
little bit just to let it cool down for
like 30 seconds to a minute and then
you're going to start sprinkling some
Parmesan cheese straight on top if you
have some fresh parmesan it's nice just
to shape some fresh as well and then
you're gonna add some egg yolks and
start mixing this all together until it
becomes one mass
next you're going to want to start
adding all-purpose flour to the potato
dough you should do this in three stages
and every time you add flour just knead
it for about two-and-a-half minutes or
so until you have a really nice smooth
piece of dough once that's achieved
shape it into a nice ball and then
you're going to cut it into quarters and
roll those quarters out into long strips
you
once you're done rolling out the gnocchi
pasta you're just going to simply cut
them into even little pillows as best as
you can and if you want to be a real
perfectionist you can grab a gnocchi
board roll each of those little pillows
into a small ball and then gently press
them down the gnocchi board if you don't
have one of these fancy little boards
you can grab a fork and just run the
pasta straight down the tines of the
fork and it will achieve the same exact
results
once the new yorkese all finished up
you're going to get some salted boiling
water going and you're going to cook
this for about five minutes
while the gnocchi is just finishing up
cooking in the boiling water you're
going to get a large non-stick saute pan
on high heat add a few numbers of butter
to it and then once the gnocchi is done
you're just going to transfer that to
the non-stick pan and give this a really
good saute make sure they're nice and
golden brown and have a little bit of
crispy crust on the outside here I'm
just going to garnish it with a little
bit of freshly chopped parsley some pine
nuts and some fresh-squeezed lemon juice
just to give it a nice little citrus
touch I'm also just going to add a
little bit of salt and pepper and then
plate this up
all right so here I'm going to finish
that with a little bit of freshly grated
Parmesan cheese straight over the top
and some freshly cut chives from my
garden and there you guys have it some
delicious homemade potato gnocchi
what's up guys hopefully you enjoyed my
gnocchi tutorial I loved yoki slices
little pillows of joy this is the moment
where I'm going to taste my food tell
you guys how I did running through the
flavors and all that good stuff so let
me dig in mmm it's just a little bit
crispy on the outside I love the lemon
flavor it cuts through some of the
richness of the knee okey the texture of
the gnocchi is really really tender it's
not gummy at all if you make a gnocchi
just a little bit smaller it makes it a
little bit easier to eat it's a little
bit more refreshing this is really
really close to like an ideal yoky size
but next time I make it I'll probably
get just a little bit smaller so it's
just a little bit more refreshing you
get more sauce and I like this stuff but
it's killer mmm
hopefully you guys enjoyed the video if
you did please thumbs up subscribe at
the end of this video and comment below
for future video requests things you
want to see in my channel and of course
I'll see you guys next time with another
delicious recipe
bye guys
you